\section[chong-han-chua]{Chong Han Chua}

\startitemize[packed]
\item
  johncch@outlook.com
\item
  +1 (412) 519-2749
\item
  fifthrevision.com
\stopitemize

\section[hello]{Hello}

I am a design technologist passionate about building products that
people love. I have more than 9 years of experience managing and
building web and mobile products.

\section[experience]{Experience}

\subsection[self-employed]{Self-employed}

{\em Freelance, since May 2017}

Worked as a design consultant for Escher Reality, a Y-Combinator backed
start-up making Augmented Reality (AR) SDKs. Besides creating the brand
identity, website and other collateral, I designed single and multiuser
AR experiences for mobile using Unity showcasing the company's
technology.

Designed and built animations for an LED matrix display (in Arduino) for
a start-up working on a yet-to-be launched Internet of Things (IOT)
device. Worked with a team of consultants to use human-centered design
methods to design a business strategy for a major US telecommunications
company.

\subsection[co-founder-product-and-experience]{Co-founder, Product and
Experience}

{\em Echlo, since Jan 2016}

Co-founded and developed a product on the idea that location data is
always available on mobile and can be used to help people find and meet
up with friends and family more easily and frequently. Created the
product plan, market tested and iterated with a set of test users.
Designed all the brand, UI and UX elements and implemented the iOS and
web applications.

\subsection[senior-program-manager]{Senior Program Manager}

{\em Microsoft, Oct 2011 - Dec 2015}

Product owner for all Compose-related experiences in Outlook.com. I
updated and improved the core experience with the Hotmail to Outlook.com
redesign, modernized file attachments, rich text editor and added
OneDrive integration. Collaborated with other teams to create a cross
platform experience and to define the design system for Microsoft online
services.

Worked on shipping new and refining existing features such as Sweep,
Advanced Rules, keyboard shortcuts, animations and message list
selection for Outlook.com.

Product owner for Twist, a Microsoft Garage app focused on creative
communications using photos. I led the effort from conception to launch,
across research, design, engineering, legal, voice and marketing.

\subsection[design-lead]{Design Lead}

{\em MHCI Capstone Project with SRI, Jan 2011 - Aug 2011}

Worked on a team of four MHCI students to understand how students in AP
Biology classes study the subject and designed an iPad app utilizing
SRI's AI technology to improve learning outcomes.

\subsection[it-specialist]{IT Specialist}

{\em IBM, Aug 2008 - July 2010}

Worked on a custom enterprise project with the largest
telecommiunications company in South East Asia. This includes building
low-level device drivers for kiosks, web applications to help members of
staff process customer inquiries and applications on kiosks that help
customers self-service and check-in at the business's retail locations.

\section[education]{Education}

\subsection[masters-in-human-computer-interaction]{Masters in
Human-Computer Interaction}

{\em Carnegie-Mellon University, 2011}

\subsection[b.eng-honors-in-electrical-engineering]{B.Eng (Honors) in
Electrical Engineering}

{\em National University of Singapore, 2008}

\section[awards]{Awards}

\subsection[st-place-yahoo-hacku-at-cmu]{1st place, Yahoo! HackU at CMU}

{\em Oct 2010}

\subsection[st-place-microsoft-firenze-bxt-competition]{1st place,
Microsoft Firenze BXT competition}

{\em March 2011}

\section[skills]{Skills}

Ethnographic research, human-centered design, idea generation, wireframe
development, visual design, usability testing, product management,
prototyping (paper and digital), HTML+CSS, Javascript, Swift,
Objective-C, React, Java.
